Hey, good morning family. How have y'all been doing? I've been doing good. I just had this on my heart.
I see so many people in the comments below saying, 'Please pray for me.'I get a lot of emails from people asking for prayer for healing and deliverance, needing new body parts, new organs, and all kinds of stuff.
There's nothing too big for our God. I want to encourage you today that whatever it may be—you may be on death's doorstep, just seconds away from stepping over into Glory—I believe with all my heart that it's never too late for a divine miracle. It's never too late for God to heal you wherever you are.
If you're in the hospital and you're watching this right now on your phone or your laptop, or wherever you are at the hospital, or you may be in hospice, or at home and they've released you and told you you're going to die in so many days—I'm telling you, nothing is impossible for our Lord.
All things are possible to him that believes. I believe that he became sick so that we don't have to have sickness anymore.
Galatians says that Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law, and the curse of the law is everything in Deuteronomy 28.
If you read all about Deuteronomy 28 and everything about sickness and disease, Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over sickness and disease.
Find scriptures to stand on. That's what we do in this house for every single thing we ever have need of—physically, financially, spiritually, or emotionally.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory. I just want to encourage you today: find scriptures. Google it.
If you don't have Google on your phone, find a Bible app, put in there 'healing scriptures,'and read those scriptures.
Meditate on that word. Get that word down inside of your heart, and the word will become real to you and change your life.
Every single day, get in that word. If the doctors prescribed you medicine, take the medicine and take the word.
Read that word; let it go in through your eyes and get inside your spirit.
The more you feed on that word, the more the word becomes real to you.
Just like when you take a prescription, sometimes it takes time for it to get in your system and to help you, but consistency is the key.
I'm telling you, get in the word and the word will change you. Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
I want to encourage you today to call those things that be not.
You may be dying or having a bad report; call those things that be not as though they were.
'I am healed by the stripes of Jesus. Jesus bore all my sicknesses and took all my diseases.
I don't have to have any of that in my body because Jesus paid the price.'If he took it, I don't need to bear it.
Satan, I'm not taking your 'poo-poo package.'He comes all the time with the 'poo-poo package'full of all his doubt, unbelief, worry, and stuff telling you you're going to die, you're not going to make it, and there's no hope for you.
But I'm telling you, Jesus has a plan for your life and he has encouragement for you today: 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.'Jesus wants you to be in health and prosperity—physically, spiritually, and financially.
He doesn't want anything bad for you. God is a good God and the devil is a bad devil. I'm telling you, he has a plan for your life.
There are testimonies out there about people who have been delivered from sickness and disease.
I'm standing with a lady for her diabetes to be gone, and for Joyce with her kidneys.
We are believing for the manifestation of whatever they need. Sometimes there's a process.
We see healing gradually sometimes, but sometimes it's instantaneous.
No matter how you get your manifestation, it's like when Noah sent out the dove to go find land and he came back with an olive leaf—just a little bitty thing.
It wasn't a huge sycamore tree leaf; it was just a little bitty thing, but it gave him encouragement to know the flood was over.
There's a change coming. You may just get that little bitty glimmer of hope.
Don't say, 'It's too small a thing.'No, that means something's changing.
We already see the ship turning around. You've got to get excited whenever you see just a little bitty leaf.
That little dove put it in its little beak—a little bitty bird went out there and grabbed a hold of something and brought it back for encouragement, showing that the flood's over.
Today is your day of turnaround. Don't despise small beginnings.
Get excited about the little things. That's what I do with my daughter Megan.
We went to church as a family and sat in one of the most amazing churches in Tulsa, Oklahoma, this last week. It blessed us a lot.
We hadn't been to church in a long time because ushers have often asked us to leave because Megan was causing a commotion and was disruptive.
But this time she didn't act out. I just want to tell you all, that was a miracle in itself.
Nobody even knew it, because nobody knew us at this church, but it was a miracle.
Regardless of how small it may have been in somebody's eyes, it was a big miracle to us.
We saw that little leaf in that dove's mouth and we rejoiced all the way home and gave God the praise for it.
Another testimony about her: for 14 years, she wouldn't go to the dentist.
They weren't able to touch her teeth because she'd bite them.
Then one day, I told Megan, 'Hey baby, Daddy's taking you to the dentist tomorrow.
Please don't bite the doctor; keep your mouth open.'I got some tools from Amazon and I tried to pretend like I was the dentist, practicing.
We went to the dentist that day, and she got X-rays and a full cleaning.
She let the doctor open her mouth and look in there, and after all those years, she didn't have one cavity.
What I'm trying to tell you is that you can't give up when it seems impossible and looks like it's never going to change.
You've got to believe God and know that all things are possible to him who believes.
This was one of those things that seemed impossible. But God, who is rich in Mercy, made it possible.
We stood for that for 14 years. Then, for 17 years, we believed for her to be potty trained.
One day she woke up, went and sat on the stool, and she's never had an accident since.
She's been potty trained ever since. God's been faithful. It took 17 going on 18 years of no change, and then suddenly it changed overnight.
What seems impossible in your life, God can turn around. I want to show you these testimonies about people God touched.
A boy had cancer; another woman had incurable heart disease. Jesus will touch you, too.
He's no respecter of persons, and what he'll do for one, he will do for you.
I'll be right back after these testimonies, and I'm going to come and pray for you today.
I worked at Victory Church for about 13 years and started getting the reputation that if I prayed for you, Jesus would heal you.
There was this lady whose little boy was diagnosed with cancer that was eating up the side of his face.
I was the janitor there, and I was cleaning a room when she came to me and said, 'Hey Brandon, I heard that if you would pray for my little boy, God would heal him.'He was about seven or eight years old.
She said he had a massive tumor on the side of his face. It was shocking because it was the size of a mandarin orange.
I laid hands on that tumor, cursed it, and told it to go in the name of Jesus.
I felt electricity go out of my fingers, and the power of God went into that tumor.
I told her to rejoice for the rest of the night because I believed the Lord was healing that tumor.
The next week, she came back and said she took her son to the doctor to get a certificate of health. That tumor was completely gone.
The doctor said he'd never seen anything like it and tried to say it had to be a plugged lymph node because cancer doesn't just disappear.
But she told him about all the blood work and the chemo they were wanting to start.
They tried to downplay it, but we both knew—I touched it, and it was really gnarly.
But God touched that little boy. Now, another testimony. I was mowing my grandmother's yard.
She's almost 90, and I try to help her out. I was just minding my own business, praying in the spirit while I mowed.
There was this African-American man walking down the street with an oxygen tank. He was a weird shade of gray, and he was gasping for air.
The Lord said, 'Get off that mower right now and go pray for that man.'I wrestled with it for a bit, but then I obeyed.
I walked down and told him, 'This may sound wild, but the Lord told me to come pray for you. Is it okay?'He looked flustered and said, 'I guess so.
I'm dying.'He had sprayed Roundup on ditches for the government for 35 years, and the toxic fumes destroyed his lungs.
He needed a lung transplant and the doctor said he was dying.
I took authority over his lungs and prayed. I didn't feel anything—it was like touching a cold stove.
But I told him, 'I believe you're healed today.'A couple of weeks later, he ran up to me.
He said he'd been completely healed, with two brand-new lungs.
They took him off the donor list and he didn't need the oxygen tank anymore. His skin was back to its healthy color.
He wasn't even a Christian yet, so I witnessed to him and led him to the Lord. Now, another story. I was leading prayer on a Saturday.
Suddenly, I saw an angel dive-bomb from the ceiling like a rocket with a heart in his hand.
He dropped that heart inside a lady's chest. I called her up and told her the Lord wanted to heal her.
The power of God knocked her down, and she was crying and rejoicing. The next week, she ran into the church so excited.
She had a doctor's appointment and told the doctor she believed she was healed.
She had started exercising and jogging without getting winded.
The doctor checked her heart and was shocked—it was like brand-new. He gave her a certificate of health.
She told me her husband was a Jewish atheist who was angry because her heart condition prevented her from doing anything at home.
But because of her healing, he gave his heart to Jesus and started coming to church.
The doctor had said if they even tried surgery on her artery, she wouldn't make it.
But God completely healed her. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Look at the story of the woman with the issue of blood.
She spent all she had and grew worse, but she touched the hem of his garment and virtue went out of him.
Virtue is going to come through this camera today. Just like with blind Bartimaeus, son of Timaeus, if he did it then, he'll do it now.
You just have to have simple faith. Go watch my video about the crucifixion.
Jesus took me out of my body and showed me what he did for us on that cross.
Let's pray for your miracle today. I'm going to agree with you.
Where two are touching and agreeing, let's do it by faith through the camera. You may have AIDS, cancer, or diabetes—nothing is too big.
Father, I thank you right now for every single person believing for a manifestation of healing.
We call them healed, whole, and well in Jesus'name. We call healing over stroke victims, arthritis, diabetes, and heart disease.
We're calling those things that be not as though they were. We call the manifestation done now.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen.
We receive your healing power from all disease and demonic oppression. PTSD, I command you to leave right now in the name of Jesus.
I call you delivered from the flashbacks and for your mind to be lined up with the word of God.
Second Timothy 1:7 says God has not given you a spirit of fear but of power, love, and a sound mind.
Father, I thank you for the children with autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, or learning disabilities.
We call healing and wholeness over their bodies in the name of Jesus.
We thank you that you bore it all on the cross. We thank you for deliverance from drugs and alcohol.
I call cirrhosis of the liver healed and whole. Drug addictions, meth, opioids—we call them delivered.
We thank you for marriages being restored and families coming back together.
We call the generational curses and strongholds broken in Jesus'name.
You are set free from alcoholism and addiction. You walk in victory.
Jesus loves you and doesn't want you to suffer. He wants you to have a good life and an expected end.
I hope this encouraged you. If it did, please subscribe, click the notification bell, and give a thumbs up.
Comment down below if you were healed or set free today. People need to hear encouragement.
God bless you all in Jesus'name. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. We'll see you next time. Bye-bye.